---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/chapters/course-introduction/0-2-course-content/","noteIcon":""}
---


This Official ISC2 Certified in Cybersecurity (CC) self-paced course provides a comprehensive review of information systems security concepts, industry best practices and terminology. The goal of this content is to provide students with the core knowledge necessary to be a successful entry-level cybersecurity practitioner in today’s world and review concepts outlined in the Official ISC2 Certified in Cybersecurity (CC) Exam Outline.      
 

The course covers all topics from the exam outline and additional topics approved by the ISC2 Education Committee. It is recommended that candidates start with a review of the Exam Outline with the goal of understanding each domain and subtopics. Please see the ISC2 website to review the exam outline.      
 

Material has been broken into five working domains. The Course Conclusion concludes the course and provides links to the ISC2 website, where you can access information about registering and preparing for the exam and the certification requirements and processes.      
 

At the start of each domain, the learning objectives are identified, indicating what you can expect to learn after completing the domain. These objectives are divided into smaller concepts and sections. Each domain contains assessments that reinforce covered topics with the goal of increasing knowledge retention.      
 

In addition, to help you learn industry terminology, definitions of glossary terms are provided in the glossary space as well as practice flash cards.    
 

Domain resources are provided and designed as a study tool that lists key takeaways from each domain, including graphics illustrating domain concepts and a glossary of terms.